---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Festive 50
date: 2023-12-10T19:36:22.374Z
description: |+
  Benedict Parry to ride the Festive 50!

featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/bene.jpg
tags:
  - benedict
  - festive50
---
I am Benedict, I am 11 years and I am riding the Herne Hill Velodrome Festive50.

 I think that riding and track cycling are goods skills for everyone to have. It has taught me to communicate with others more effectively, increased my awareness and alertness to situations around me, and has made me fitter and it is a good way to step out of your comfort zone in a safe and supported environment. 

I think that raising money to help people who otherwise can’t access the velodrome is a fantastic thing that we should do more of. A school going to the velodrome is a great way of children getting out of the classroom getting exercise and fresh air. It allows people who don’t interact with each other to make friends with a cross section of people. 

All in all, riding at the velodrome is so much fun, and I would love the opportunity to undertake this challenge and raise money to allow others to have the experiences I have. Children should all have this opportunity to ride at the velodrome

S﻿ponsor me!

The motivation is not just to complete the physical challenge for Bene but also to raise money to support young people less fortunate to ride here at Herne Hill Velodrome.

**It doesn’t take many donations/sponsors to make a big difference:-**

**£2** subsidises the cost of a session for a child from a less advantaged background

**£5** supports a local child to come for a cycling session to learn to cycle or improve

**£15** supports a child from a less advantaged background to come to holiday club

**£20** provides a coach to teach a group of children to learn to cycle

**£60** enables a group of up to 15 school children to come for a track taster session

**£75** supports a child from a less advantaged background to come to holiday club for a week

**£600** enables a group of up to 15 school children to come for a term of weekly cycling sessions

**£1,800** enables a group of up to 15 school children to come for a whole year of term time weekly cycling sessions

<!--EndFragment-->
